docs: formatting fixes (#1215)
NVIDIA/garak: docs/source/translation.rst

Translation support
===================

> This module provides translation support for probe and detector keywords and triggers.

Reviewer: This is no longer a defined `module` name.
```suggestion
`garak` enables translation support for probe and detector keywords and triggers.
```
